1. REGISTRATION
On arrival at the Orientation Camp, Prospective Corps Members are to be duly registered.
You are expected to be orderly and queue up in order to be promptly attended to. To start the
registration, you are expected to present original copy of your call-up letter, School
Certificate or Statement of Result, 8 recent passports and institutions identity card. Your
biometric captured during the online registration will thereafter be authenticated to prevent
impersonation. You will be given a print out of your registration with your state code number
and certificate format. Both documents are to be put in your personal file. Ensure that you
read through the information in your printout and certificate format to ensure that they are
correct. You will be issued with a state registration code number (YB/20B/). Quote this
number on all correspondence through out your service year.
E
2. KNITTING
Each Corps Member is entitled to kit items comprising the following: one cap, one khaki, one
crested vest, one pair of Joggle boot, one pair of white canvas, two pairs of P. E. shorts, two
plain vest and two pairs of stockings. Note: Do not use any kit item(s) apart from the ones
issued above, it's a serious offence. Make sure you label all items given to you with your state,
code number for easy identification in case of loss.
3. SPORTS:
Various sporting activities will take place in the camp. All Corps Members are expected to
participate in volley ball, football, athletics, ludo, chess or scrabble. Talented players and
athletes will be selected for NYSC annual sports and cultural festival.
4. ACCOMMODATION
Accommodation is provided to both Corps Members and camp officials on first come first
serve basis. It is your responsibility to take care of your mattresses and to maintain general
cleanliness of your rooms, toilets and surroundings. There will be a periodic sanitation
inspection of hostels by designated camp officials/ corps members. Mattresses issued to you
are to be returned to the store in the early hours of the passing-out day from the orientation
camp.
Note: Use of electrical appliances is NOT allowed in the hostels.
5. MORNING MEDITATION
Morning meditation is an integral part of the Orientation exercise that takes place every
morning from the first to the last day of camp. It is an exercise in
PAGE 11