Healthcare:
The NYSC operates a 24-hour service in its camp clinic, manned by Corps Doctors,
Pharmacists, Nurses, etc. who work harmoniously with the NYSC officials in charge of the
specialized drugs that shall be purchased outside the camp if the need arises. After the camp,
clinic. Serious ailments are referred to the General Hospital. Treatment on camp is free except
Corps Members are expected to go to Government hospitals when sick and apply for refund of
money spent by attaching medical bills to the application.
Channels of Communication:
There is a defined channel of communication to entertain complaints and suggestions, which
should be channeled through the platoon officers to the Camp Director. Any breach of
communication shall be seriously frowned at. After Camp, the channel of communication
should be through the Employer, Local Government Inspector, Zonal Inspector to the State
Coordinator.
Exeat:
Only the State Coordinator or the Camp Director has the sole authority to grant permission for
intra- state and inter-state journeys. Any Corps Member going outside the camp must do so
with proper permission and must be fully kited.
Identity Card:
Corps Members are advised to carry their 1.D cards at all times for easy
identification.
NOTE: The identity card is a security document and not transferable. Replacement of identity
card will be entertained only when a complainant presents police report and court affidavit.
The sum of N500 is paid on-line for the replacement of loss Identity Card.
Orientation Broadcasting Service (OBS):
It is the radio station of the camp community, saddled with the responsibility of entertain
educating and enlightening camp participants. Corps Members that have the flair for
broadcast and or graduates of Mass Communication are inducted to assist in the running of the
studio under the supervision of the Public Relations Officer.
Camp Market:
camp market only during free periods. The official closing time of the market is 10:00pm for
The camp market takes care of your basic needs. However, Corps Members are allowed in the
every camp participant.
PAGE 14
1
1
TIMETABLE OF ACTIVITIES FOR 2022 BATCH 'C' STREAM II ORIENTATION COURSE:
WEDNESDAY 30TH NOVEMBER TO TUESDAY, 20TH DECEMBER, 2022
FIRST WEEK (WEDNESDAY, 30TH NOVEMBER TUESDAY, 6TH DECEMBER, 2022)