skills. The training continues with the post-camp training to enable them perfect the skills,
The training facilitators are drawn from the following 12 fields.
7.
1. Culture and Tourism
2. Landscaping/Interlocking
3. Environment
4. Agro-Allied (Poultry Keeping), Fish Farming
5. Cosmetics and make-over
6. Construction/Beautification
Food processing
8.
Automobile
9. Barbing and Hairdressing
ICT
10.
11.
Education
12. Film and Photography
This programme is geared towards stemming the tide of post-service unemployment for Corps
Members
D) WINDING UP/PASSING OUT PARADE:
This is the last of the four cardinal programmes of the NYSC Scheme. It features debriefing of
Corps Members by NYSC Officials, exchange of experiences by Corps Members and distribution
of Certificate of National Service to deserving Corps Members
ABOUT THE ORIENTATION COURSE (IMPORTANT HINTS)
The National Youth Corps Year begins with three weeks orientation course, which is compulsory
for all Nigerian graduates mobilized for the National Service. The course is designed to achieve the
following:
To give Corps Members a better understanding of the objectives of the NYSC Scheme and
enable them internalized its ideals
To prepare Corps Members for their roles during the service year.
To equip Corps Members with practical, social and leadership skills that will enable them
meet the challenges of the service year ahead.
To inculcate in Corps Members the spirit of National Consciousness that would enable them
contribute to nation building.
To instill discipline in the Corps Members
To give Corps Members adequate physical and mental training required for a successful
National Service.
PAGE 10
To imbibe in them the Spirit of collective responsibility and teamwork.
To achieve the above objectives, the orientation course opens with a Swearing - In-
Ceremony presided over by the Executive Governor of the State. The Oath of Allegiance
and the National Pledge are administered by the Chief Judge of the State, on Prospective
Corps Members thereby making them full fledge Corps Members.