on
SC
or
Orps
Inter-
muty-
guage
ture
the
B
Sch
Skrate
Zon
7:48.
This is achieved through post-camp training centers across the state. Accordingly, Corps
Members are attached to this centers on their Primary Assignment. Moreover, Corps
Members are equally sensitized on Entrepreneurship Development and job creation
throughout the service year, Some of the skills being taught are; Agro-Allied Ventures,
Food Processing, Creation Art, Beads Making, Hair Dressing, Cosmetology, Information
and Communication Technology, Construction and Steel Work, Power and Energy,
Beautification etc.
ROLES OF PLATOON OFFICERS
i. In charge of all Corps Members in his/her assigned platoon.
ii. Shall maintain a register of all Corps Members in his/her platoon,
iii. Shall ensure that Corps Members in his/her platoon attend all camp-activities
regularly and punctually as well as take their attendance.
iv. Shall take charge of the welfare of Corps Members in the platoon.
v.
Shall supervise participation in routine preparation of meals, sanitation, security,
sports and games, socials etc as the platoon may be required to do so
vi. Shall take roll call of Corps Members in the platoon both at morning and night to
ensure that Corps Members are present in the camp at all times.
vii. Shall endorse all correspondences emanating from the Corps Members in the platoon
to higher camp authorities.
viii. Shall be in charge of general coordination of the platoon
ix. Shall perform any other duties that may be assigned from time to time by the Camp
Director and the State Coordinator.
CORPS WELFARE
Feeding:
Feeding of camp officials and Corps Members is done centrally from the camp kitchen.
Meal tickets will be issued to Corps Members to be used to collect food. Corps Members
shall also be organized to cook on platoon basis, also serving of meals is also done on
platoon basis. Ensure that you affix your passport on the meal ticket.
Allowance:
Corps Members are entitled to the following allowance while on camp: N 1,800 transport
allowance, N1,400 bicycle allowance, N33,000 first monthly allowance before leaving the
camp. However, subsequent payment of monthly allowance will be done through the
approved banks after monthly clearance by the Zonal and Local Government Inspectors.
PAGE/13