which motivational topics are presented to them to uplift the Corps Members spirit,
enhance them morally and instill in them a sense of patriotism. In Yobe State, the ten
after the core
named
values
platoons are
of the scheme:
Commitment, Loyalty, Efficiency, Integrity, Teamwork, Punctuality, Patriotism,
Dedication, Discipline and Diligence. Corps Members use the core values as meditation
topics to be presented on platoon basis. This is to instill in them the core values of NYSC
Scheme. Morning meditation takes place every morning except on
Sundays.
6.
PHYSICAL TRAINING/MARTIAL ARTS
Every morning, except on Sundays, Corps Members assemble at the parade ground for
exercise, Drills, Martial Arts and Man'O'War activities. These activities take place after
the morning meditation and announcements. Physical exercise are meant to keep the Corps
Members fit while Martial Arts teach them techniques of Self Defence.
7.
SOCIAL ACTIVITIES:
A good package of social activities have been lined up for your relaxation. It includes inter-
platoon dance and drama competition, Miss NYSC, Miss Big, Bold and Beautiful Beauty-
Pageants, the Mr. Macho Competition, and Carnival, among other things. These
programmes are packaged to keep the Camp Community entertained.
8. LECTURES:
Corps Members shall be exposed to series of lectures. Lectures are divided into language
lectures and NYSC partner agencies, Corps Members are expected to attend every lecture
with writing materials to take notes, NOTE: Lectures is compulsory for both Corps
Members and camp officials.
BRIEF ON SKILLS ACQUISITION
DEVELOPMENT
AND
ENTREPRENEURSHIP
The NYSC Skills Acquisition Programme is a well - packaged initiative aimed at
mentoring Corps Members in various skills in order to make them self reliant.
Corps Members are, grouped into various skills sets and experts are invited to give the
regular practical training in line with a standard curriculum developed for in-camping
tutoring. By so doing, the Corps Members are exposed to the rudiments of their chosen
skills and they engage in practicals for the orientation period at first instance, A deliberate
effort is also made to ensure sustainability of the skills acquisition training after orientation
course.
PAGE 12